Add bulk management methods (#26)
NEAR-DevHub/treasury-docs: docs/settings.md

1.  Navigate to the **`Settings`** page.
2.  Select the **`Members`** tab.

> 3.  Click the **`+ Add Member`** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Click the **`+ Add Members`** button.
```

The Voting Duration section allows Admins to set the timeframe during which team members can vote on pending requests. If the voting threshold is met to reach a decision, the request will be approved or rejected based on the voting results. If the voting period ends and there are not enough votes to reach a decision, the request will expire.

To set a voting duration:

1. Navigate to the **`Settings`** section.
2. Select the **`Voting Duration`** tab.

> 3. Set the number of days a vote is active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Set the number of days a proposal stays open for voting.
```
